Input: Adaptation - Responding to climate change by coming up with ways to live and cope with the effects. Atmospheric circulation - The general movements of air around the Earth due to pressure and temperature. Atmospheric hazard - Hazards caused by the weather and processes in the atmosphere. Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) - The process of capturing carbon dioxide that would normally be emitted into the atmosphere and storing it underground in reservoirs. Climate change - A distinct change in global or regional patterns of climate, such as changes in temperature or precipitation patterns. Conservative plate margin - A plate margin where two plates are moving alongside each other. Constructive plate margin - A plate margin where two plates are moving away from each other. Continental crust - The thicker, less dense crust that makes up the continents. Convection current - The movement of a fluid caused by a difference in temperature or density. Coriolis Effect - The effect of the Earth’s rotation on wind movements. Cyclone - A tropical storm that hits Oceania or Madagascar. Destructive plate margin - A plate margin where two plates are moving towards each other. Eccentricity - The changing of the orbit of the Earth around the Sun from a circular shape to an ellipse. Eye - An area of a tropical storm with extremely low pressure and calm conditions. Eyewall - An area of a tropical storm with the most intense, powerful winds and torrential rain. Ferrel Cell - At around 60° either side of the equator, moist air rises, and travels to lower latitudes at around 30° where it sinks, along with air travelling from the equator. Fossil fuels - Fuels made up of the remains of organic material, such as oil, coal and gas. Geological hazard - A hazard caused by processes on the land. Greenhouse Gases - Gases in the Earth’s atmosphere that trap energy in the Earth’s system and contribute to the greenhouse effect (carbon dioxide, methane, water vapour and nitrous oxides). Hadley Cell - At the equator, hot moist air rises, moves to higher latitudes (30°) and sinks. 

Question 1: Define Adaptation.
Question 1 Answer: Responding to climate change by coming up with ways to live and cope with the effects. 
Question 2:  Define Atmospheric circulation.
Question 2 Answer: The general movements of air around the Earth due to pressure and temperature. 
Output 3: Define Atmospheric hazard.
Question 3 Answer: Hazards are caused by the weather and processes in the atmosphere.
